Oh my friend my friend the rundown that
I gave you earlier today is but a drop
in the bucket those are the things I
need to do this guy right here is the
keeper of the terrifyingly long list of
things that need to be done today yeah
so did me to drag you into it since I
know that you're eating but you found
time for it it's a good sign that's a
good sign but to give you an idea Cindy
is going to be staying the night here
because she's gonna be here late and
wants to be here ass early in the
morning so we're battlestations
officially you create a content that has
been viewed over a hundred million times
100 million times so one thing that we
should do really early with impact
theory is let's go viral
let's get those huge views if we could
just do like another 100 million right
is it
Yeah right and go viral got it
okay we've been working towards this for
the last three months so everybody's got
their head in the right place everybody
knows what they need to do and now it's
about just going to that list one of the
big things for us here at impact theory
which we finally get to announce the
name yay one of the big things for us is
about executions that's what we want to
do is we want to get people to
believe that that is possible and then
give them the tools with which to
acquire those skills research cultural
growth and obviously look at what's
happened with the Internet and the way
that ideas are able to spread
exponentially and so much faster than
they ever have in human history and
we're seeing this explosion of ideas
because human the human mind is about
connections it's about making these
cross connections between seemingly
unrelated ideas what's one thing that
most people don't know what will the
business consistency over time is the
secret there's no shortcuts I wish there
were but at the end of the day like this
man is doing you've got to have a long
term vision and be willing to execute so
pay attention what this men says he
knows what's up why don't you just do
the simple stuff cool man thank you so
much I'm so glad that you came over and
we got a chance to hang out
[Music]
your actions not your words reveal
what's important to you look at your
schedule see what you give time to those
are the things you give a about and
at the end of the day that's fine it
doesn't matter like no judgment on what
you want to spend your time on but be
honest with yourself about what you are
really working towards cool happy launch
day welcome welcome
[Music]
what's up everybody welcome to launch
day here at impact theory we finally get
to talk openly about the name but you
cannot imagine how happy I am about some
horrible at keeping secrets
but man mad shout out to my boy average
20-something Daniel really appreciate
how supportive you've been at this
launch and all but she got behind it
really had a good time talking to me
yesterday so first of all I just want
everybody to see the insanely
hard-working people that are behind this
company it is very easy for people to
realize that I'm putting in work but
these guys are the ones that actually
make this bad boy happen but if you guys
would indulge me for a second I have
something that I want to say to them
guys the amount of work that you have
put into this has been astonishing I
have been blown away with everything
from the hustle the late nights the
early mornings nobody hears rocking a
nine-to-five like you guys are all the
way in which is just incredible and
from both Lisa and I we cannot thank you
guys enough for your commitment and
dedication and hard ass work so thank
you very very much thank you guys so
much for being a part of this amazing
community at the beginning you guys the
day one players and we cannot tell you
how much we appreciate that alright guys
until next time we legendary take care
[Music]